Detox 20 (#3285)
wix/Detox: docs/introduction/your-first-test.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

import RunningYourTest from './partials/_project-setup-build.mdx';

# Your First Test

> The previous articles have been addressing the environment and project setup, and now it is time for writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous articles have addressed the environment and project setup, and now it is time for writing
```
